docs: remove vertex limitation for primary registry (#7294)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/deploy-custom-registries/deploy-primary-registry.md

## Limitations

> - The Harbor registry is not supported on VerteX. If your Edge cluster is managed by a VerteX instance, you cannot use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Harbor registry is not supported on VerteX. If a VerteX instance manages your Edge cluster, you cannot use
```
